In this lesson, we will completely stop the characters at the end of all rounds
and also turn off the custom input system.
For convenience, let's add an additional function to the private section, let's call it GameOver.
We create the body of the function.
We will also now consider another convenient way to get all actors of a certain type.
To do this, you need to include an additional header file called EngineUtils.h You
can immediately add a call to the GameOver function. It's not hard to guess where he will be.
Add a function. It will also be possible to transfer our logs to it. Let's do it.
So, we need to loop through all the pawn that are available in the world.
Let's use the range version of the for loop.
Let's create a loop variable called pawn and use a special template called TActorRange.
This is a template designed for ease of use in range loops.
In fact, it is a wrapper over an iterator actor. As a template parameter, we pass the base class pawn.
And also a pointer to UWorld must be passed to the constructor.
In the loop, we go through all the pawns that exist in the world. You can also check that the pointer is not nullptr.
And first, let's call the pawn function called TurnOff. Let's go inside the function and see what happens there.
In the beginning, the code is related to network programming. The next line is to turn off collision.
After that, disabling movement in the movement component and the last line is to stop the physics simulations.
The second function we'll call is called DisableInput.
Let's also go inside and see what's going on there. You can pass playercontroller as a parameter.
If this is the current playercontroller, or playercontroller is nullptr, then the InputEnabled flag is set to false
and the input component stops working. It is possible not to receive playercontroller from pawn, but simply pass nullptr.
We compile the project.
Let's reduce the number of rounds for the test, let it be 2.
And for the number of seconds of a round we will set the minimum value - we will set it to three seconds. We start the game.
The first round is over, the second round is over. The character has stopped: neither the keyboard nor the mouse works.
If we press eject, we will see that the enemy character also froze. Turn off worked and also disable input.
There is a mini problem that we will not fix now.
If the mouse is held down when we shoot the rifle, then when the pawn stops, the shooting will continue until it needs reloading.